After completing the assignment, be sure to push to Github and Heroku.
Please answer the questions in this text file and submit it to I-Learn.

1. Copy and paste the URL for your web application (e.g., Heroku):
https://lit-journey-32881.herokuapp.com/

2. Copy and paste the URL for your source code repository (e.g., GitHub):
https://github.com/shadowspawn42/cse341-s2020.git

3. Briefly list and describe the elements of the application that are functioning.
In the end I got everything to work. Though it did take a lot longer then I thought
it would. I can Create, Read, Update, and Delete.  

4. Briefly describe any pieces of the assignment that are not yet working correctly.
Everything works.

5. Briefly describe the "coolest" thing you learned while completing this assignment.
I found it so cool that once you have a schema in place it is so easy to add or change
elements for your database. I started with something simple and then I was easily able
to add more information to what was being stored.

6. If you could change this assignment to be more effective or helpful, what would you change?
Nothing really comes to mind. I like everything that we had to do this week.

7. Please select the category you feel best describes your assignment:
   1 - Some attempt was made
   2 - Developing, but significantly deficient
   3 - Slightly deficient, but still mostly adequate
   4 - Meets requirements
   5 - Shows creativity and excels above and beyond requirements
5

8. Provide a brief justification (1-2 sentences) for selecting that category.
I feel that even though I was a little late in turing in the assignment I went 
above and beyond to figure out what the error was, how to fix it and then still
finish the assignment. I could have maybe planned for more time but honestly the 
assignment isn't that difficult, but that is neither here nor there. I again found
things that I have interested in and made the assignment around that. And as always
I throw in an interesting fact relating to the subject matter.